Rule constraints referencing corrections (#285)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Templates/Object Connectivity/Spatial Structure/Spatial Interference/Spatial Interference With Zones/Documentation.md

> The _Spatial Interference with Zone_ concept is an extension of the _Spatial Inteference_ concept which defines the relationship of spatial elements, such as facilities (_IfcFacility_ & specialised subtypes) or faclity parts (_IfcFacilityPart_ with domain specific predefined types) that interfere or interface with other spatial elements across discipline spatial hierarchy branches, and extends the dataset with an related inteference _IfcSpatialZone_ via the _IfcRelInterferesElements.InterferenceSpace_ attribute. The realizing _IfcSpatialZone_ should always have the _PredefinedType_ value set to INTERFERENCE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Spatial Interference with Zone_ concept is an extension of the _Spatial Interference_ concept which defines the relationship of spatial elements, such as facilities (_IfcFacility_ & specialised subtypes) or facility parts (_IfcFacilityPart_ with domain specific predefined types) that interfere or interface with other spatial elements across discipline spatial hierarchy branches, and extends the dataset with a related interference _IfcSpatialZone_ via the _IfcRelInterferesElements.InterferenceSpace_ attribute. The realizing _IfcSpatialZone_ should always have the _PredefinedType_ value set to INTERFERENCE.
```

Also, I'm unsure about the coding of the `&` in xml code.

> The addition of a realizing _ifcSpatialZone_ extends the functionality of this relationship with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addition of a realizing _IfcSpatialZone_ extends the functionality of this relationship with the following:
```
